doc: provide additional context (#36201)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/technical-values.md

The project uses these technical values to establish priorities and guide
collaboration.

> These values are meant to reflect the shared values of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values reflect the shared values of the
```

> These values reflect the shared values of the
> collaborators as of this writing and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the shared values as of this writing and will
```

> collaborators at the current point in time and will change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collaborators as of this writing and will change
```

> and evolve. We hope they are useful to people new

Reviewer: I think either "will change" or "will evolve" is sufficient.

to the project in order to better understand which contributions

> will be aligned with the current direction and as `thinking`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be aligned with the current direction and as thinking
```

points when trading off between conflicting goals.

The factors influencing every discussion/decision are
different and priority 1 does not always trump priority 2

> and so on. Instead the reflection priorities that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and so on. Instead, they reflection priorities that we
```

> and so on. Instead, they reflection priorities that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and so on. Instead, they reflect priorities that we
```

> and so on. Instead, they reflect priorities that we
> should factor into key discussion/decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and so on.
```
